Feedback — Week 1 Quiz
You submitted this quiz on Wed 5 Aug 2015 7:50 PM IDT. You got a score of 10.00 out of 10.00.

Question 1
Suppose I conduct a study and publish my findings. Which of the following is an example of a replication of my study?

Your Answer
An investigator at another institution conducts a study addressing the same question, collects her own data, analyzes it 
separately from me, and publishes her own findings.

Question 2
Which of the following is a requirement for a published data analysis to be reproducible?

Your Answer
The investigator makes the analytic data publicly available.

Question 3
Which of the following is an example of a reproducible study?

Your Answer
The study's analytic data and computer code for the data analysis are publicly available. When the code is
run on the analytic data, the findings are identical to the published results.

Question 4
Which of the following is a reason that a study might NOT be fully replicated?

Your Answer
The original study was opportunistic in its timing and it would be difficult to find a similar context in which to repeat it.

Question 5
Which of the following is a reason why publishing reproducible research is increasingly important?

Your Answer
New technologies are increasing the rate of data collection, creating datasets that are more complex and 
extremely high dimensional.

Question 6
What is the role of processing code in the research pipeline?

Your Answer
It transforms the measured data into analytic data.

Question 7
Which is a goal of literate statistical programming?

Your Answer
Combine explanatory text and data analysis code in a single document.

Question 8
What does it mean to weave a literate statistical program?

Your Answer
Transform the literate program into a human readable document.

Question 9
Which of the following is required to implement a literate programming system?

Your Answer
A programming language like R.

Question 10
What is one way in which the knitr system differs from Sweave?

Your Answer
knitr allows for the use of markdown instead of LaTeX.
